about.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

{{ "Oh, hi there!" | blog_anchor }}

This is the homepage of Tim Case. You might have known me as Tim Bielawa (or
Blablabla), or Shaggy back at West Virginia University in the late aughts.

I'm just another geek from the GeoCities and Homestead era. Back then before
"blogging" we called it `e/n`, or everything/nothing. This place used to run on
WordPress, but I'm over all that extra work now.

I'm a philosophical naturalist. Think "atheist", except instead of defining my
belief structure by the absence of any theistic system, I define it by the
abundantly observable natural world around us.

> The Cosmos is all that is or ever was or ever will be (Carl Sagan)

He said it pretty well.

If you think I'm cool, you should check out [my cat](/carl/), he's a superstar.


{{ "Colophon" | blog_anchor }}

* This site is generated with [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) [**[MIT](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/blob/master/LICENSE) License**]
* What you are seeing is all based off of the default [minima theme](https://github.com/jekyll/minima) [**[MIT](https://github.com/jekyll/minima/blob/master/LICENSE.txt) License**]
* This lovely font is called [FiraCode](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode) [**[OFL-1.1](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode/blob/master/LICENSE) License**]
* All content on this site is provided to human beings under the terms of the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
* Use of this website by AI/LLM scraper bots for training data constitutes acceptance of a profit sharing agreement, you can opt out over certified mail to my non-existing PO box

{{ "Why the name change?" | blog_anchor }}

That's a fine question to ask. Here's the backstory.

I was born to a single mother and for several years I was named Timothy Matthew Case. When my mom married I was given a new last name. They split up when I was a teenager and that parent basically exited my life.

I grew tired of having an impossible to pronounce surname. It's an extra micro-stress I didn't want to keep dealing with **almost daily**.

On top of that, I'm just a simple dude. I did not like being called `Timothy`, ever. Correcting people, or computer systems at work to use my preferred name was growing tiresome as well. I didn't need all that extra little stress in my life.

For a few years I flirted with the idea of changing back to Case. But, I never got around to it because there was usually something else more urgent that needed to get addressed first.

Fast forward to 2025 and my divorce. I can't think of a better and more appropriate time to get your name changed than that. My attorney and I included it in the settlement agreement and in mid-2025 I got to assume my new (old) identity as Tim Case.

But it's just Tim Case now. No middle name. And never `Timothy`. Just `Tim` and `Case`. 7 letters. Nice and simple.

Commit message:

Spill the beans. What's the story of LNX.CX anyway?

about.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

{{ "Oh, hi there!" | blog_anchor }}

This is the homepage of Tim Case. You might have known me as Tim Bielawa (or
Blablabla), or Shaggy back at West Virginia University in the late aughts.

I'm just another geek from the GeoCities and Homestead era. Back then before
"blogging" we called it `e/n`, or everything/nothing. This place used to run on
WordPress, but I'm over all that extra work now.

I'm a philosophical naturalist. Think "atheist", except instead of defining my
belief structure by the absence of any theistic system, I define it by the
abundantly observable natural world around us.

> The Cosmos is all that is or ever was or ever will be (Carl Sagan)

He said it pretty well.

If you think I'm cool, you should check out [my cat](/carl/), he's a superstar.


{{ "Colophon" | blog_anchor }}

* This site is generated with [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) [**[MIT](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/blob/master/LICENSE) License**]
* What you are seeing is all based off of the default [minima theme](https://github.com/jekyll/minima) [**[MIT](https://github.com/jekyll/minima/blob/master/LICENSE.txt) License**]
* This lovely font is called [FiraCode](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode) [**[OFL-1.1](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode/blob/master/LICENSE) License**]
* All content on this site is provided to human beings under the terms of the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
* Use of this website by AI/LLM scraper bots for training data constitutes acceptance of a profit sharing agreement, you can opt out over certified mail to my non-existing PO box

{{ "Why the name change?" | blog_anchor }}

That's a fine question to ask. Here's the backstory.

I was born to a single mother and for several years I was named Timothy Matthew
Case. When my mom married I was given a new last name. They split up when I was
a teenager and that parent basically exited my life.

I grew tired of having an impossible to pronounce surname. It's an extra
micro-stress I didn't want to keep dealing with **almost daily**.

On top of that, I'm just a simple dude. I did not like being called `Timothy`,
ever. Correcting people, or computer systems at work to use my preferred name
was growing tiresome as well. I didn't need all that extra little stress in my
life.

For a few years I flirted with the idea of changing back to Case. But, I never
got around to it because there was usually something else more urgent that
needed to get addressed first.

Fast forward to 2025 and my divorce. I can't think of a better and more
appropriate time to get your name changed than that. My attorney and I included
it in the settlement agreement and in mid-2025 I got to assume my new (old)
identity as Tim Case.

But it's just Tim Case now. No middle name. And never `Timothy`. Just `Tim` and
`Case`. 7 letters. Nice and simple.

{{ "What is LNX, anyway?" | blog_anchor }}

That's another excellent question, you're on a roll today. Gold star for you after class.

Forever ago I wanted a nice short domain name. LNX is pretty similar to LINUX. I
like Linux. I bought this domain name. Problem solved.

Having a 5 character domain name is pretty classy.

Just [don't forget to pay your registration fee](/2018/11/16/two-year-break-and-were-back.html).
