---
date: 2025-07-04
title: Correction to Chicago Outer Belt Trail - Map 27 La Grange/Forest Park
tags:
- hiking
- outer belt
- forest park
- la grange
- correction
- notice
- gps
categories:
- hiking
- Chicago
draft: false
author: Tim Case
layout: post
---

Due to some new fences, there is now a routing error in the Chicago Outer Belt
hiking trail maps. This post shows you where the error is and how you can route
around it.

Last summer I began hiking the >200 mile long [Chicago Outer Belt
Trail](https://outerbelt.org/). It's a lot of hiking and I'm having a blast. If
you sign up you can download the GPX track from [REI's Hiking Project
website](https://www.hikingproject.com/trail/7066013/the-chicago-outerbelt-route).
I'll save you the effort and include a [direct link to the file on my
blog](/assets/gpx/Outerbelt Loop.gpx).

I started this hike using the [maps
posted](https://outerbelt.org/maps-and-route) on the Outer Belt website for
reference material. I suggest you import the GPX file into your hiking app or
dedicated device (I'm using a [Garmin
66i](https://www.garmin.com/en-US/p/623975/) and I would recommend it) for
easier reference.

I've found the route has been clearly mapped out and accurate, with one
exception. That is in the area referred to as ["Map 27 La Grange - Forest Park"](https://img1.wsimg.com/blobby/go/533db25d-63d4-4fe0-9706-9ca854ce1209/downloads/_27%20La%20Grange%20-%20Forest%20Park.pdf). 

![Overhead of Map 27](/assets/images/map-27-la-grange-forest-park/official-map-overhead.jpg "Overhead of Map 27")

The map, and the actual GPX track, takes a shortcut through the [Forest Home
Cemetery](https://foresthomecemetery.net/). This segment of the route, as it is
documented today, is no longer a valid segment.


{{ "New Fences" | blog_anchor }}

I learned this when I was heading south, that is counter-clockwise, down the
route. I was hiking down Des Plaines Ave just after passing I290 (Eisenhower
Expy) when I came upon the cemetery. In this direction of travel the PDF map and
the GPX track will have you enter the cemetery through the rear parking lot of
the Grand Park Apartments:

![Grand Park Apartments Visual Reference](/assets/images/map-27-la-grange-forest-park/street-view-heading-south.jpg "Grand Park Apartments Visual Reference")

That path is entirely closed off now. There are fresh chain link fences
installed with a row of barbed wire to top them off. This new fence extends all
of the way around the cemetery (I have checked).

![Barbed Wire Fence in Parking Lot](/assets/images/map-27-la-grange-forest-park/barbed-wire.jpg "Barbed Wire Fence in Parking Lot")

In order to continue the trail in either direction of travel you need to adjust
your route accordingly.

{{ "Respect the Deceased" | blog_anchor }}

If you choose to travel through the cemetery, please ensure you respect the
deceased. Or just consider bypassing the cemetery entirely.

If you do plan to travel through the cemetery keep this in mind: the gates close
at 4PM.

![South 1st Street Closing Sign](/assets/images/map-27-la-grange-forest-park/closed-at-4pm-s-1st-ave.jpg "South 1st Street Closing Sign")

![Des Plaines Ave Closing Sign](/assets/images/map-27-la-grange-forest-park/closed-at-4pm-des-plaines-ave.jpg "Des Plaines Ave Closing Sign")

Don't be that asshole climbing over the cemetery fence because you wanted a
shortcut and you got locked in.

This route will allow you to safely travel through the cemetery during the hours
they are open to the public:

![Route through the Cemetery](/assets/images/map-27-la-grange-forest-park/alternate-route-west-to-east.jpg "Route through the Cemetery")

{{ "What I Chose Instead" | blog_anchor }}

When I reached this point in my travel I was flummoxed. I did a little bit of
scouting on foot and ultimately gave up. When I gave up on the apartments and
cemetery (I didn't want to chance it) I settled on continuing south on Des
Plaines Ave until I reached Roosevelt Road.

This is a map of my GPS recording when I was hiking that day.

![My Route down Roosevelt Road](/assets/images/map-27-la-grange-forest-park/my-actual-route.jpg "My Route down Roosevelt Road")

That is a very stressful road to walk down.

I followed it west, over the Des Plaines River, until I found the entrance to
Miller Meadow-North. I waited for traffic to calm a bit and then darted across
the road to get back on the trail.

I hope this helps out anybody else who is taking on the Outer Belt trail.

Good luck, and watch your step out there!
